Previously
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V!"
(Professor giggling)
(Lulu gasps)
Prepare to duel!
I'll bet you
hundred to one
that Duel Academy
scrambled her brain.
(Lulu and Yuya)
Let's duel!
Here's one card
you've never seen!
(both gasp)
My spell card
Parasite Discharge
allows me to summon
a Fusion Parasite
from my deck!
Then my pretty Parasite
attaches on to my Nightingale!
Let's crush that gnat!
And Lulu will be
back to normal!
Time to put the pest
to rest!
(Shay)
It won't work.
Destroying Fusion Parasite
isn't enough to save her.
(Yuya and Yuto gasp)
The Professor
must hold the cure.
It's our only chance.
Let's fight!
It's only fair to
even up the sides.
My royal highness,
say a quick good night
to his Phantom Knight!
Unh!
You see those?
Huh?
Those eggs were created
by The Professor's
right‐hand man.
The Doctor.
And they'll all hatch
into lovely parasites.
I got one right here.
And, Yuya?
Zuzu's been infected too.
What kind of monster
would harm Zuzu?!
(shouting angrily)
(Lulu and Celina gasp)
Yuto?!
I didn't travel through
dimensions
to leave empty‐handed.
Lulu, Celina, Rin...
And Zuzu!
(both)
They're coming with us!
The only thing coming
is your defeat, Yuya.
(laughing maniacally)
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go go go go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Yuri's wrecking
my life points,
but I can't give up!
I'm activating
the spell Frightfur Fusion
to turn this duel around!
By banishing two
Edge Imp Frightfuloids
and my Frightfur Bear
from the graveyard
I can Fusion Summon!
Fury of bear
and stuffings of pain...
When the three come together,
my comeback will be attained!
I Fusion Summon!
Here comes the hairy...
scary...
bear‐y...
Frightfur Chimera!
(heads laughing)
Frightfur Chimera,
attack Ancient Gear Hydra!
I finally got
the upper hand now, Yuri!
Because when my
Frightfur Chimera
destroys your monster,
it's summoned on
to my field!
And your Hydra does more
than join my side.
It gives Chimera 300
additional attack points!
Now you know that
messing with my monsters
is a major mistake!
Maybe so, but I've never
been one to play nice.
And I'm not starting now.
Hydra, attack!
(roars)
Go ahead and try
anything you want.
You'll never defeat
my Parasite Queen.
Be careful, Yuto.
We don't know
what it can do.
In that case,
I'll just swat it down
before it gets a chance
to do anything!
Huh!
I activate the Action Spell
Single Destruction!
So now I can exterminate
your one and only monster!
This guy's starting
to bug me.
Say your goodbyes
to Parasite Queen!
Not happening!
I activate Fusion Parasite's
special ability!
By sending it
to the graveyard,
my Queen stays safe
and sound!
Sorry, but destroying
my Queen
isn't going to be
that easy.
By getting rid
of that Fusion Parasite,
your Queen lost
300 attack points.
You weakened her up.
Good job, Yuto.
Mm‐hmm, and when I destroy
the other Fusion Parasite,
she'll be even weaker!
Dark Rebellion...
(Yuya)
Attack!
Take out Parasite Queen!
(Yuya and Yuto)
Mauling Mandible Charge!
I said this wasn't
going to be easy!
Parasite Queen releases
her Parasite Fusion
and equips it
on to your dragon.
And once it's nestled in,
Fusion Parasite sucks
800 attack points
out of your dragon!
(roars)
Man! I never
would have guessed
that getting rid of
that thing would be harder
than getting
rid of than a leech.
That thing's not
going away anytime soon!
Now for the payoff!
I activate the trap
Power Parasite!
Now I can take a Fusion
Parasite from the graveyard
and equip it
on to Parasite Queen,
raising her attack points
by 300!
(Yuya)
We need to dethrone her!
I activate the spell card
The Phantom Knights'
Round Blaze!
By banishing
two Phantom Knights
from my graveyard,
it triggers
total destruction
by burning up
both of our monsters.
Whatever!
By sending Fusion Parasite
to the graveyard,
my Queen isn't destroyed!
Well, what works for you,
works for me.
I send my Fusion Parasite
to the graveyard too,
to save my Dragon!
(Celina chuckles)
All that flash and pizazz
amounted to a whole lot
of nothing, Yuto!
(Yuto)
But I'm not done.
Not even close.
Because my spell
The Phantom Knights
of Round Blaze
has another effect!
I can hit you with
800 points of damage
for each monster
that was just sent
to the graveyard!
(both groaning)
I place one card facedown
and end my turn!
Then, it's my move!
I'll start by activating
Parasite Factory!
I can take a Fusion
Parasite in my deck
and equip it on
Celina's Parasite Queen
to take control of her!
And now my Queen has even
more sting than before!
I'll follow that up
by activating the spell
Parasite Discharge!
Celina and I infect your
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon
with two Fusion Parasites
from both our graveyards!
Unh! Again?
Thanks to Parasite Queen's
special ability,
each Fusion
Parasite drains
your Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon's attack points!
Not only that, but with
two Fusion Parasites
back on the field,
Parasite Queen gains
600 attack points.
Parasite Queen,
give his Xyz Dragon
the royal treatment!
Huh?
Unh!
I activate Evasion!
So Dark Rebellion
dodges the attack!
Nice try, but I'll still
hit my target
with Parasite Maneuver!
This spell card will
allow Parasite Queen
to attack once again!
Seriously!?
You better believe it!
Parasite Queen, attack!
(grunts)
Unh! I activate Miracle!
It saves Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon from destruction
and cuts any damage
I take in half!
Aah!
(Lulu)
But I bet it still stings!
(Yuto and Yuya shouting)
Unh!
(moaning)
Yuto?
Oh no!
I can't feel him anymore?
Yuto!
Too easy!
Go ahead, Celina!
Make your move.
With pleasure!
I'll start by activating
Parasite Factory!
I equip my Fusion Parasite
on Parasite Queen
to regain control of her
and raise her
attack points by 300!
Oh, man!
3,000 attack points!
Only way to survive this
is with an Action Card!
You have to get one first!
Oh! A parasite!
Yes! Yes!
My parasite will now
infect his brain!
Unh!
At last... he's mine!
Yuya Sakaki is now under
my complete control!
(giggles)
He will say and do
whatever I tell him to!
(moaning)
(chuckles)
Looks like Yuya is
about to join our side!
Never!
(both)
Huh?!
Why would I ever
join your side?!
(Lulu and Celina gasp)
No way!
No one ever resisted
my parasite!
(groaning)
Quickly!
Parasite Queen, attack!
Destroy his Dragon!
I activate The Phantom
Knights of Wrong Magnetring!
By discarding
a card from my hand
that's identical
to one in my graveyard,
this trap will bring
the curtain down
on our battle.
And then Wrong Magnetring
transforms into a monster!
So now you've gotta
deal with it too!
You just don't know
when to quit, do you?
But that's fine.
I can prolong the pain
and suffering.
(Yuri giggling)
You ready?
I activate the spell
Ancient Gear Inspection.
By returning
one Ancient Gear
monster on the field
to my hand,
I get to draw one card.
So I'm taking my Hydra back.
Can't stand
getting it sticky
with your
lollypop fingers.
(giggling)
Merci!
Since I lost
Ancient Gear Hydra,
Frightfur Chimera's
attack points
are now gonna drop by 300.
But it still has enough power
to be a major threat!
I'm still in control
of this duel!
(giggles)
Huh?!
Not after I activate...
this Polymerization!
Once I fuse together
my Ancient Gear Golem,
Ancient Gear Gadget,
and my Ancient Gear Wyvern,
I'll dominate this duel!
I Fusion Summon...
Ultimate Ancient
Gear Golem!
(roars)
(Yuri)
I Fusion Summon
Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem!
Now, Sora... Ultimate
Ancient Gear Golem
will crush your Chimera
and the rest
of your life points!
(Sora yelling)
Unh! Oof!
Game over, Sora.
(Yugo)
Don't even think about it!
(groans)
Hey, Yuya, are you okay?
Yuto!
I'm fine.
I draw!
You know, there's
nothing wrong
about my
Wrong Magnetring
'cause it attracts all your
Fusion Parasites to him!
And by tributing
Wrong Magnetring
along with those four
creepy crawling Parasites,
I get to draw two cards!
And since they're gone,
so are 1,200 of your
Queen's attack points.
I can't believe that
he was actually able
to get rid of
all our Parasites!
Grr!
That won't keep us down!
I'm activating
the spell card
Odd‐Eyes Accel
to summon Odd‐eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
So now you've got
a double dose of Dragons
you have to deal with!
(Dragons roaring)
Yuya has summoned
two of his strongest monsters.
But... they're still
no match
for my parasites!
I activate the trap
Parasite Spell!
Since there's a Parasite
Monster on the field,
I can activate one spell
from any graveyard!
So I activate a spell
from Lulu's graveyard‐‐
Parasite Discharge!
It lets me summon a Fusion
Parasite from my deck!
And I'll use a trap too...
Parasite Generator!
Since Celina summoned
a Fusion Parasite,
I get to summon one too.
And there's more.
Celina and I
get to resurrect
all our other Parasites
from our graveyards!
And they're tougher
than before
because your
special abilities
can't destroy them!
They'll keep
coming and coming
because each Parasite
now counts as two,
meaning there are
12 Parasites on our field!
And since Parasite Queen
gains 300 attack points
for every Parasite
you see here,
this brood has made
our Queen unstoppable!
Those attack points
are insane!
You look so frightened.
So scared of what's
staring you down, Yuya.
It's almost unfair.
Mmph!
(Doctor laughing)
How splendid!
I just knew my parasites
were the best!
That's the Doctor!
So you're the one
behind this!
Yes, my boy.
I am responsible.
Impressive, isn't it?
Where is Zuzu?
(chuckles)
Rescuing your friend Zuzu
will not prove possible.
You'll never make it
to my lab.
Besides, you're too late.
Zuzu's already
under my control.
She makes a lovely
addition to my collection,
don't you agree?
(Yuya)
You leave Zuzu alone!
(both)
Huh?
(Yuya grunting)
(Parasites squeaking)
Grr!
Our Parasites look like
they're scared.
Yeah, like they want
to run and hide.
I wonder why.
It's all because of me!
They realize
they're in danger!
A lot of danger!
Huh!
I activate The Phantom
Knights' Possession!
My Xyz Monster can now have
a Level equal
to another one of my monsters
on my field!
So just like Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon,
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon
is now Level 7!
So now I have two monsters
with the same Level!
I overlay Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon
and Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
By joining together
two of the strongest
Dragons in the universe,
I'll create a Dragon
that's all the rage!
(Yuto and Yuya)
I Xyz Summon...
Odd‐Eyes Raging Dragon!
(roaring)
(Yuya)
I Xyz Summon...
Odd‐Eyes Raging Dragon!
Unbelievable.
I've never seen
anything like it.
I activate Raging Dragon's
special ability.
By using all of its
Overlay Units,
it destroys all other cards
on the field
and gains 200 attack points
for each one!
(roars)
Hmph! So what?
That can't harm us.
That's right, because due
to Parasite Generator,
our Parasites
can't be destroyed
by special abilities!
(Celina chuckling)
All that effort for nothing.
You're still going to lose.
All that Raging Dragon
is going to rage about
is how pathetically
you played him.
Yes, but Raging Dragon
negates the effects
of all Spell
and Trap cards!
So all your Parasites
will still be destroyed
No, this can't be!
This is bad!
(roaring)
(Yuto)
Your entire swarm
is destroyed,
and their demise fuels
my Raging Dragon's strength!
I can't believe
we lost everything!
It's over.
No, it's not over yet!
You can only attack
and defeat one of us!
So the other still
has a chance next turn!
There is no next turn!
Huh?!
(Yuya)
Because Odd‐Eyes
Raging Dragon...
(Yuto)
...can attack twice this turn!
(roars)
Now Odd‐Eyes
Raging Dragon, attack!
(Yuya and Yuto)
Infernal Fury Strike!
(roars)
(both yelling)
(breathing heavily)
Huh?
(Celina moaning)
(Lulu moaning)
Huh?
Celina!
Are you all right?
(moaning weakly)
(both)
Lulu, say something please!
Lulu...
Oh!
Shay... you're awake!?
Whaa! Unh! Grr!
Celina! Lulu! Wait!
(Shay)
Stop them, Yuya!
What about you?
I'll be all right.
Hurry, before
it's too late!
Okay.
(Duel Academy student)
Well, well, well!
Yusho Sakaki, I presume?
The Professor's
expecting you.
This way, if you please.
Yuya!
(Yuya)
Hold up!
Ah, Yuya Sakaki.
We finally meet in person.
I brought
several of your friends
that you were dying to meet,
but I don't know
if they're dying to meet you.
Zuzu‐‐ Ah?!
(Doctor chuckling)
You maniac!
Let me outa here!
I think not.
I prefer you
exactly where you are.
Zuzu, it's me!
It's Yuya!
You just have to
snap out of it!
You just have to!
She doesn't have to
do anything,
except my bidding,
of course.
(giggling)
I'm pleased to report
that Yuya Sakaki
is safely in custody.
Wake up!
Please!
Zuzu!
Now come along, girls.
Leave this nice young man
alone to stew in his misery.
Grr, you won't get
away with this!
Don't go, Zuzu!
Listen to me, please!
Zuzu!
(growling)
We brought them, sir,
per your orders!
Well done.
You may go now.
At long last... Yusho.
My dad?!